PLUR — Windows Codex desktop acceptance

Status: not yet performed. Do not describe the desktop flow as verified.
Before release, download the plur-codex-candidate artifact from the passing
Windows real editors workflow. Extract it into an empty directory. In
PowerShell, from that directory:

  $packages = Get-ChildItem -Filter *.tgz | Where-Object { $_.Name -match '^plur-ai-(core|cli|mcp)-' }
  npm install -g --no-audit --no-fund $packages.FullName
  plur --version
  plur init --codex
  plur doctor --codex

The version must match candidate-version.txt. This is a test build, not a
published release. Installing the eventual stable CLI and MCP together, then
rerunning init, returns the registration to the stable installed packages.
A global CLI version alone does not establish which MCP Codex is running.

1. On the existing Windows installation, record Node and Codex versions and the
   current PLUR launch command/pin. Do not include tokens in evidence.
2. Upgrade CLI and MCP together, run plur init --codex, then restart the actual
   Codex desktop app. If its hook review requests trust, inspect and approve
   the PLUR entries through Codex's normal UI.
3. In PowerShell run plur doctor --codex --json. Its target must be Codex, the
   MCP and CLI versions must match, and required token variables must be
   available. This is a terminal check, not desktop acceptance.
4. If using --token-env, ensure the token variable is available to the desktop
   application's launch environment, then fully restart the app. Never paste
   its value into screenshots, reports, model prompts, or this checklist.
5. In the desktop app, open the mapped project. Ask it to save a unique,
   harmless test statement WITHOUT an explicit scope. Inspect the tool result:
   expected remote store/scope and delivery=remote, not delivery=outbox.
6. Start a fresh desktop session in that project and recall that statement.
   Confirm its source is the remote store. Confirm automatic recall also
   reaches the session after hook trust, without manually calling recall.
7. Repeat the default write and fresh-session recall through the Codex CLI in
   PowerShell. Use a second marker so the two paths cannot be confused.
8. If WSL is used, run setup under WSL2 with Linux Node/npm and its own config,
   then repeat in a fresh Codex session. Windows and WSL user homes differ.
9. Verify an off folder still stays silent and an undecided folder still asks;
   neither should silently send a test memory remotely.

Record: OS, Codex desktop version, Codex CLI version, Node version, PLUR runtime
version, project location type (native/WSL Linux/WSL mounted), steps passed or
failed, and sanitized tool-result evidence. Desktop acceptance remains pending
until these checks run in the actual application.
